c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\EnvLogger.Resources.resources
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\EnvLogger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\EnvLogger.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\le\EnvLogger.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\be\EnvLogger.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\le\EnvLogger.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\be\EnvLogger.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\EnvLogger.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\EnvLogger.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\le\EnvLogger.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\le\EnvLogger.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\be\EnvLogger.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\be\EnvLogger.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.SDCard.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.TemperatureHumidity.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\be\EnvLogger.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\be\EnvLogger.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\le\EnvLogger.pe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\le\EnvLogger.pdbx
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\EnvLogger.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnvLogger\EnvLogger\obj\Debug\EnvLogger.pdb
